what is going on everybody what is going
on machinima sports reporter slap train
coming back at you now if you guys did
not watch my last video that I posted up
I just recently got my CSR wheel I see
us our elite pedals in my CSR six feet
shifter and I posted gameplay was a
pitcher pitcher at me playing on a
different angle than actually today but
it's been taking me a lot of practice to
get used to this damn wheel but honestly
it's hella fun and it makes the drifts a
lot more satisfying when you actually
are drifting you nailed that nice corner
oh and it just it makes everything so
worth it yes it was a lot of money for
those of you who are in Canada and are
thinking about getting a csr package he
came to about five hundred and sixty
dollars shipped to my door so that was
taxes included I was border fees that
was everything included so 560 got
everything in my house and i'm in canada
so the states might be a little bit
different for you guys but yeah 560 it
is a lot of money and I know but
honestly it's gonna be worth it i'll be
playing it for the next few forces that
I'd be coming out and anything else that
comes out as well too I can use it on
the pc which is really nice so that was
a nice little lot I guess feature that I
did get it on so I can play live for
speed if I do end up getting that as
well too so I'm going to show you a
little picture and picture drift and
we're gonna start off a nice little brio
oh my god honestly though love this
wheel as I said it took me a hell of a
lot of time to get used to the damn
thing you guys should see me the first
day I was playing I was just all over
the road and I've come a long way to be
honest with you guys before I wasn't
able to hold these in one corner and now
i'm doing a bit better i'm not anything
crazy I mean don't or ask me to win any
kind of drifting competition but I am
getting there and it is as I said it's
really satisfying when you do nail those
drips and the settings that I'm playing
with right now I'm playing on
sensitivity 360 my poor horse feedback
is around I think 80 and everything else
i have my abs at 50 and everything else
is pretty much just set to just a
standard settings oh if you guys plan
anything different let me know in the
comments not the actual sensitivity
because I mean everybody's tongue plays
optimal but in terms of anything else is
shocked and damper and some of that
energy know what those on the wheel that
we created I honestly do not know what
those
so I don't often feel like another one I
don't know what they made on wheel as
well to what I've had what I've had to
do for my setup I had a paver but you
have to make sure
why you kind of salt
I haven't had involved she can get
involved in my mac sort out my hands
good kind of thick side
a little bit but yeah I mean everything
else is off it's definitely worth it is
hella fun and I definitely get some open
bodies
I haven't been off the last three days
like people rampage writing there a lot
a lot of fun you guys all of my Twitter
going to use on pictures that I posted
we're just outraged is there so yeah I
mean as well to follow my twitter as
well i actually post pictures afford
cars pretty much like my sexy cars you
can find gambar all that crap on there i
post a lil got a daily basis level like
three or four times of dances
you guys have into that you want
I add me on Twitter as well but also add
me on xbox so
now in my meeting count is full which is
a clogged drain and he doesn't want to
add the slops rain one same thing just
put a one at the end of it and that's it
that's my second account maybe i can add
all you guys come all too so whoever has
sent me a friend request on the slab
tray and it's not gonna accept it that's
where you're going to go to get any
exception because i just don't have
enough room for everybody microsoft has
no change
ah
so I walked through Wednesday
hope you guys like me I lovely person
and I would really like to see her for
25 if you guys are watching anterior
customization please I don't want to get
too much in the fourth of five it's one
of our writings on the way I'm very very
scared on how that's going to be if you
guys have watched the videos and watch
the I guess all the interviews it looks
very arcane and I don't know that's just
my personal opinion yes they said the
pores of physics are there but it's very
very light I don't know how to say it
but I don't think that the physics are
really going to be there that's your
black rose okay
if you guys haven't looked at it yet
take a look at it because it's very very
on the fence right now and I don't know
it obviously I'm calling it but that's a
whole different story but we're just
about down to now this fujimi kaido
stayed beat and we're going to cut off
with this gameplay and just show you
some pictures that have been sent in but
you guys as well see that was my car by
the way but yeah so we have the new
menace red paint job come on boy BMX
that's just super I have a few other
cars that had done with actually
different paints but as I said follow my
twitter slap on the score train and you
can either send me those pictures and I
will retweet them or whatever you need
to do so as well to the car show that
happened last week alpha Griffin has one
that car show with the Dodge Viper that
he posted congratulations to you I've
already sent you the message this
morning and I've already gets through
the 20 million dollars so thank you very
much for coming out on that there's a
lot of fun if you guys had to watch a
video about me to check it out it's a
little bit boring but just to see what
cards were in there so as well to send
me a car club request to Menace rides
club tag is M and C 3 all right send me
a club tag to that and we'll be sure to
get you guys in the next open lobby so I
can just invite the whole club oh that
would be really nice just to get a nice
big open lobby going you guys can share
club cars as well so I got a bunch in a
club garage right now um as well to this
actual speed art was sending bump on by
my boy gutter um four five six eight he
does a lot of speed arts and I actually
have a thing on my channel where it so
you think you can paint and he was
featured on last week's episode so
congratulations to you gotta thank you
very much and I'll be definitely leaving
a link to his channel in the bottom so
thank you guys very much for watching
hit reporter slap train I'm out peace
you